My turtle can be opinionated.
I could help dad around here.
He carried the bananas in a cardboard box on his head.
This is too hefty to easily carry.
These are used for cautioning someone to wait and not make a bad decision.
I make bread for the holidays because it's the easiest job, and the only one I can do.
Tom let out a sigh of relief.
The book had pictures of eyes all over the cover.
The hailstones were as big as tennis balls.
She had long, yellow fingernails.
I have my hair cut every month.
He is easily offended.
He was in desperate need of a Christmas miracle.
There are so many sandwiches on the table.
I will have to be more careful.
How's it going now that you're all alone?
Keep it up!
Would you like to go out and get something to eat?
Did you open the door?
The Avengers are heroes.
I'm going to make you a list of what to buy.
California is in America.
It's the third largest city in Serbia.
I can see you.
You make me so happy.
Pikachu used foot massage.
My pen broke and leaked blue ink all over my new dress.
That's one of my biggest problems.
Tom's a lot smarter than me.
Airplanes are, statistically, the safest form of transportation.
I was so thirsty I couldn't wait to get a drink of water.
My hat is cooler than Jim's.
He thinks he is very handsome.
The car crash was so instantaneous that I barely had time to process it.
We're leaving in ten minutes, whether you're dressed or not.
This is the big break I've been waiting for.
No problem!
How big a problem is it?
Spiderman and Iron Man are two great men.
People living in a big city tend to lack exercise.
We finished a bottle of wine between the two of us.
You need to understand how big this problem is.
The coffee shop didn't have liquid sugar for her iced tea, so she had to use sugar packets.
She wanted to watch the new James Bond movie, but she had to dial in to a work call instead.
We need a car big enough for the whole family.
It is hard to be a writer if you don't do anything but read books.
There are no dogs bigger than this one.
I've got other problems.
That club is way too loud.
I am so thankful for this opportunity.
She was very tired and frustrated.
His eyes were glazed over.
We have a long day tomorrow.
His story is fishy.
Let me see!
We have bigger problems to worry about.
It's her field.
I have lived in Shanghai for a long time.
She got bent out of shape.
I'm one of his fiercest critics.
Tom pointed at one of the names on the list.
According to the paper, there was a fire in Boston.
She constantly worried about accidentally burning her house down.
It would be crushing for him to lose both of his parents in a single year.
I miss my girlfriend.
It is clear that he has made a big mistake.
I'm so hungry.
One morning, I found an elephant in my pajamas.
I also did not want to just close it down.
Steve doesn't have to go if he doesn't want to.
My friends are getting dinner tonight,.
It's the biggest house in the neighborhood.
We can make ice cream.
She jumped in the lake and immediately choked on a wave of gross-tasting water.
I can make my own decisions.
Tom scanned the list, but couldn't find his name.
They had to decide between buying diapers and buying ramen to feed themselves.
We have a brown dog.
She has a beautiful smile.
What's your favorite toy to play with?
What do you like to do in the summer?
In Japan, there is no lake bigger than Lake Biwa.
You don’t have to carry much cash.
I had a beta fish.
Tigers live at the zoo.
Time is of the essence.
I have a feeling the boss won’t be happy about this.
Tom answered all the questions on the list.
The other baristas are so weird.
It smells very delicious in the kitchen.
Every time I come in here, you're enthusiastic and helpful, and it's fantastic to see.
I have no doubt that you’re going to nail this interview.
Tom used to be a fancy lawyer.
I will put my food on the placemat.
I think you have the wrong number.
That will do.
Every time she left the apartment, she was scared she'd come home to find all her valuables stolen or irreparably burned in a horrible fire.
When are they opening the doors?
Watch out, there's quicksand!
Good gracious!
